hi guys welcome to cooking with Claudia
today I'm making meatloaf it's so
delicious and I have not found anyone
who does not love meatloaf I'm gonna be
showing you my own special way of making
it so let's get started I'm gonna start
by sauteing some chopped onions and
garlic
and then I'm gonna season it with some
salt next I'm adding some freshly
chopped thyme and I'm going to let this
cook until the onions are transparent
I have some soft bread crumbs in a bowl
and I'm adding some milk to that stir
that in to soak up all the moisture
next I'm adding some eggs waster sure
sauce soy sauce freshly chopped parsley
Dijon mustard ketchup season with salt
and pepper add the sauteed onions and
stir that in completely and also I have
all the ingredients and measurements in
the description box below when that is
well mixed in I'm gonna add the ground
beef and mix that with your hands till
all the ingredients are incorporated
when that is well mixed together I'm
going to transfer the mixture onto my
baking pan
then shape that into a nice loaf
next I'm gonna make a red sauce for the
meatloaf I have some ketchup in a bowl
and I'm going to be adding some tomato
paste add some molasses and stir the
mixture in next smear the mixture all
over the loaf and I'm going to let this
bake in a 350 degree oven for an hour
and it's going to come out very
flavorful and really delicious
thank you guys for watching I hope you
enjoyed spending time with me and I hope
you try this delicious meatloaf recipe
don't forget to subscribe to my channel
I'll see you in my next video
bye